we need
cop the world needs him
[Music]
she's the only one he'll communicate
with
it's godzilla
oh
[Music]
godzilla vs kong in theaters and
streaming exclusively on hbo max march
31st rated pg-13
this is our only chance
we have to take it
[Music]
we need kong the world needs him to stop
what's coming
and this child she's the only one he'll
communicate with
i knew that they had a bond she had
nowhere to go so i made a promise to
protect her
[Music]
and i think that in some way khan did
the same
[Music]
it's godzilla
here we go
these are dangerous times godzilla's out
there and he's hurting people and we
don't know why
there's something provoking him that
we're not seeing here with the same
opinion
the myths are real yeah there was a war
and they're the last one standing
no one
you